[Applause]
Stop freaking out. This isn't that
complex. Look, I'm going to beat all of
Celeste today, but every five minutes,
my Doug Dug AI will pop up. It's going
to read the messages in Twitch chat, and
then they'll pick one thing that if I do
that thing, I have to give $25 in gifted
subs.
Wait, what? I have got a great idea.
Doug has to give subs whenever he Oh my
god. Whenever he says.
And I'm going to try to beat the entire
game while dealing with whatever random
restrictions Twitch chat and the AI
comes up with hopefully without going
bankrupt. Here we go. What is like a
reasonable time to beat this game? Wait,
people are beating it in 2 hours. Dude,
what? I thought they How quick is the
game? I thought it was like 10 hours. I
played it before one time when it came
out in 2017 or whatever. I assume that I
was great then and that I'm great now
and it'll be easy now. Uh-oh.
Wait. [__] It says I've played it for
20 hours.
That's pro. I didn't even do the bids.
Every once in a while there is evidence
that I'm very bad at 2D platformers. I'm
like that's an anomaly. That doesn't
count. This one's hard to explain. I
thought the game takes most people like
6 hours to beat whatever. Okay. Um I am
going to play loud dramatic music at the
beginning. Ready? Go.
Why don't I have dash? The AI is now
listening for suggestions. Whoa. Lots of
suggestions. Okay, let me look through
this. I think I found one. And what if I
gift five subs every time I say like?
Okay, so every time I say like and god
damn it, and this goes for 5 minutes.
Anyways, who's excited for Celeste the
game
[Music]
this?
Okay, this might take a little bit of
time. The AI is now listening for
suggestions. Okay,
I have an idea. Give five subs every
time I dash. That would be a great rule
and it would get very expensive and it
would be really bad for me. What are we
doing here, guys? Can I beat this
without d I don't think you can beat a
single room without dashing in this
game. We have time. I I I can't even do
the first jump. So, are we just going to
sit here for 5 minutes or am I allowed
to reset this cuz this is stupid. The
first level is beatable without dashing.
How? Pixel perfect spike jumps. All
right. So, what are we doing? If there's
a thing that prevents me from playing
the game, do I just get to roll it? A
reset equals Well, I mean, if you just
say it like if Doug breathes, like I
can't do that. Actually, I don't
wouldn't have to breathe that many times
in 5 minutes. That one I could do. Okay,
let's say if I can't progress without
breaking the thing, then I get to roll
it. I think that's fair. I'm going to
press zero. The AI is now listening for
suggestions. Let's get a new one. Here's
a good one. Every time I breathe, I have
to give five subs.
Fine. Starting once I get a breath.
[Music]
This counts as one.
How much longer do I have?
The AI is now listening for suggestions.
Oh, thank God. How many was that? Was
that only three? Dude, that was good. I
was holding my breath a long time. Okay,
that's 15. Here's a good one. Every time
I blink, I give five subs. Dude, good
for the stream and content. Fine.
Starting
now. Oh my god, I already have to. [__]
Now that I'm thinking about it. Oh, I
forgot I could breathe for a second. I
still not blunk. If you're like really
focused, you just not have to blink.
[__] This counts as one blink, by the
way. Okay. No, no, no. My eyes, they're
going to get so watery. I don't think I
blunk. I blunk. I blunk. I blunk. [__]
Hasn't it been five minutes? The AI is
now listening for suggestions. Okay, how
many times did I blink? This is like
well over $100 already.
What if the rule was every time someone
gives five subs, I have to give five
subs? No, no, no, no, no. That's
equitable. No, cuz I don't make money
for Wait, hold on. Does it cancel out?
It does, I think. Right. I would make
Okay, it cancels out. So, nobody's
making any money if you do this. This is
stupid. Jesus, take the wheel. Master
Jesus, take the wheel. We've 10 gifted
subs so far. Thank you Jesus take the
wheel for Jesus take the wheels. Thank
you Jesus take the wheel.
Jesus take the wheel and local.
Thank you for gifting 10 subs. No, it it
says if somebody gets five subs. So that
actually doesn't count. How many is
this? Jesus Christ, man. 43 * 5. I'm
literally going to get my credit card
declined. Congratulations. I am going to
be gifting 215
max 100.
Give five subs if I don't beat a room
within 15 seconds. That's [__] up. All
right, that's actually a pretty good
one. Okay, so somebody needs to keep
track of the timer. That's awful for
this level spec. Oh, this is the worst
level for this, huh? This place has so
many long rooms. Okay, here we go. Oh, I
did not know that. [__] Yeah, it's lots
of cycles. This is the worst area for
this. Okay, this has definitely been
more than 15 seconds on this room. It
only happens one time per room. Hi,
Doug. Can you go back to gifting subs?
The 2D platformer is kind of boring.
Three. It should have been like 30
seconds. I'm not good at these. Trying
to do it as fast as possible is what I'm
realizing. Timing things I'm not great
at. The AI is now listening for
suggestions. That was four, right? Four
rooms.
I had to borrow money from my sister in
order to pay for taxes this year. I have
to be like, "Hey Jay, going to need a
little more dough." I was streaming
Celeste today and I couldn't beat the
rooms in 15 seconds. 4 second ad. Star
Force Systems right now is having a huge
summer sale. If you're interested in
getting a new PC, they're really great.
Go check out the link in description
below. Okay, back to the Okay, here's an
idea. Every time I say a word with a
letter E in it, I give five subs. Okay,
I will not say words with that thing in
them. [__] Oh, I have a good idea.
Every time I die, I have to go find a
hat and put the hat on. If I can't do it
within 1 minute, I give five subs. So,
do the hats stack or what? Whatever.
That's fine. I just won't buy. I should
not have donated the eight brand I made
a few streams ago to charity. No, [__]
[__]
We could do every time I die, I have to
do a weird little dance. If I don't do a
weird little dance, I get five subs.
Fine. If I don't die, I don't have to do
the dance. Hey, Doug. For every second
Doug does not reveal his social security
number and the three numbers on the
back, gift five subs.
Wow. Awesome. Dance better. I can dance
to every It just says dance. That wasn't
silly enough. Maybe you just don't
understand my culture.
Okay. What about this idea? Every time I
die, I have to eat plain oatmeal out of
a trough. I'm feeding that cuz I don't
have oatmeal. I can't do that. Here's
what I have. I have chips, Reese's
Peanut Butter Cups. Kind of. I have
cheese. Like mozzarella cheese. Okay, I
got an idea. Every time I die, I have to
eat plain cheese out of a trough. If I
don't do that, I gift five subs. Fine. I
just won't die. Somebody said, "Get the
trough, trough boy." Oh, yeah. First
off, I'm a trough man. Secondly, I don't
[__] need it. I'm playing the best
goddamn Celeles of my life.
No, I'm so easy. [__]
[Music]
Good boy. Good man. What trough man? Is
anyone else suspicious of the fact that
Doug already owns a cheese trough?
Okay, maybe I should give subs every
time I breathe. I already did that one.
Maybe I should give subs every time I
breathe out. That's the same thing. I'm
resetting them. Wa,
those are so
good.
You guys are killing it today. Okay,
these ideas are great.
What is the idea? I'm vetoing. I mean,
he's really proud of you guys. In the
grand fashion of Dr. Seuss, every
sentence I say must rhyme with the one
before it. That is so hard, but I
consider myself a bit of a bard. Can I
do this without looking up help? I'll do
it without so much as a guilt. Editor,
please make this a rap. Editor, make
this a rap song so the people can jam.
Otherwise, I'll have your left hand. Is
that even a rhyme or was it incorrect
time? That should count. I think it was
on the brink. And we can all agree that
it was close enough because otherwise
this challenge would be too tough. Let's
be realistic. Let's cut me some slack
because otherwise I'm fat.
You failed. No, I did not. I did not
fail. I simply think your standards were
frail. Editor, turn this into a sick ass
rap video and put Samuel L. Jackson in
it. Otherwise, I'm going to take a [__]
in the tank of your toilet. All right, I
think we can all agree that was
incredible. How many do I owe? How many
things did I genuinely not rhyme? Four.
Okay. I have to scream every time I dash
or gift five subs.
Oh, wait. I didn't dash. I'm dumb. This
is going to be annoying, man.
The AI is now listening for suggestions.
Thank god, dude. How did I miss six?
Oh, okay. Every time I enter a new room,
I have to ban a random chatter or gift
subs. Okay. Hey, don't worry. I think
it's probably going to be one long run.
Like, what? This room goes on for a long
time. You're safe.
Uh-oh. Well, fellas, it's that time
again. The first person I see whose name
starts with F, I'm banning. Dude, why
does it know Freddy 4486?
Get out. Get out of my community. Ban.
It can't be a timeout because it says it
has to be a ban. Wait.
Well, I guess the first person I see
whose name starts with F again. Um,
okay. I got to pick a better letter.
This is taking a long time. Fancy Lily.
He saved me.
Get out of my community. Okay. Okay. All
right. All right. All right. Let's get
back into it. Come on. They were some of
the worst chatters. Anyways, Fancy Lily
was my friend. You guys barely knew each
other. Fancy Lily only had 250 messages
in the stream. Oh, [__] I forgot to
Okay, that's five gifted subs.
No, no, no. [__] I didn't. I meant to
stop. 10. I'm not This isn't like a bit.
I'm really just being an idiot here. Uh,
unfortunately, I have bad news for
anybody whose name starts with F.
Flipping Doug ban me, too. Okay, well,
get out.
The AI is now listening for suggestions.
Okay, we're done with the bands. We lost
three good men today. You I guarantee
none of you knew who those three people
were. We are gathered here today to
remember our good friends Freddy and
Filly. They were wellresected and
beloved members of the community. Do not
cry because they are gone, but smile for
the memories we made. May they live
forever in our hearts. Every room I
enter, I unban a banned person or give
five subs.
I got big news for all those best
friends of Fancy Jimmy or whatever their
names were. I'm blanking cuz I have to
enter a new room right now. Welcome
back, Fancy Lily, to the community. I,
by the way, I didn't want you to go. It
was Twitch chat's idea. The prodigal son
returns. Justice, let's go chat. Okay,
big day for you guys. I'm very happy for
you. Okay, new room. Hey everybody, I am
so excited to welcome back to the
community, Freddy 4486.
[Applause]
Finally, one of the pillars of this
community has returned. Okay, who's the
last person? Flipping 225
flipping deserves justice. Do they? I'm
[__] back. [__] you, Doug. I'm
[__] back, [__] Every room, ban or
unban, flipping 225. Okay, flipping.
Come here, you [__] Any last
words? Flipping. Wait. No, bro. Oh,
wait.
[Music]
Oh, wrong direction. Hold on.
Goodbye, Flipping 225
forever.
Welcome back, Flipping 225.
Congratulations. Uh, we're really happy
to have you here in the community. The
AI is now listening for suggestions. No,
I was hoping it would end with him
banned and then I would have an excuse
to leave perma van. All right, you live
for now, flipping. I guess Jesus did
kind of get banned and unbanned.
Okay, I have to call somebody and if
they don't answer, I have to gift five
subs. You cannot tell them about the
challenge. Wait, that's [__] up. So,
it's just one call. [__] Who do I call?
It's just about whether they pick up.
Parker is reliable. The problem is that
he sleeps at random times of the day, so
he could be asleep. 911.
For the spirit of the challenge, I'll
call a friend. Is Point Crow streaming?
I feel like he might random. No,
PointCrow is really inconsistent. [__]
Who do I go? Your mom. I'm going to call
my mom.
Does she love me?
Your call has been forwarded to
voicemail. The person you're trying to
reach is not available. He texted me.
Sorry, can't talk. right now.
Feels bad, man.
Okay, but this does give me time right
now really quick to go and like just
make progress. I only had to do it one
time according to the rules. Sorry,
Doug. I was on a call with your mother.
She says, "Hi." Why didn't she tell me
that herself? Don't feel bad, Doug. My
parents don't love me either. That's not
what it means. The 9,581
viewers in chat won't fill the hole that
your mom not answering your poor lady.
Yes, it will. I just need more YouTube
viewers and then I'll be happy. I have
to call Park, sir. And if he answers, I
give five subs. But if he does answer,
[__]
Come on. Be asleep. Be asleep. He's very
good at answering his phone if he's not
asleep.
Don't answer. Don't answer. Don't
answer. Don't answer. Don't answer.
Don't answer. Please. This is the one
time.
Ah, you reached Adam. Yes. That's my
friend, dude. That's somebody who
supports you when you need it. I am on a
call. Is this an emergency? No, it is
not. Thank you to whoever was on a call
with him. Damn. Two for two straight to
voicemail. It's okay, buddy. Maybe the
next caller loves you and will pick up
your call. Parkser did it cuz he loves
me. He knew I would have to pay money.
Chatav caller friend every room. I mean,
I'll run out of friends. As you guys
know, my only friends are my mom and
Parkser. I feel like at this point, 911
would send me to voicemail. I have to DM
a random Twitch chatter every time I die
or every time I enter a new room saying,
"How was your day?"
Is that creepy? That might be creepy.
Oh, already at the Holy [__] Okay, the
game is not as long as I thought. Does
this count as entering a room? I don't
think so. This is entering a mountain.
Wait, isn't there only like one room in
this whole thing or is that the end?
[__] I died. Um, Whisper, hey, how's it
going? How was your day?
Oops. Oh, god damn it. You know what?
Where's flipping?
Not random. I'm picking rand. Oh, fine.
Okay, fine. So, that's five gifted subs
because it wasn't random. Fine. This
person, your pal, how was your day? Not
bad. Thank you for ask. Uh, it was
great. Thanks for asking. Dye my hair
random. Is your favorite Pokemon
Scoville? No, it's right. Can I send you
my music on Discord? No, you weren't
random. Sorry, Doug. I know chatters
like it when streamers are interactive
that I'm worried you might be getting
parasocial. I feel like because they
watch my stream we're friends in real
life.
Okay, new rule. If I don't beat the next
room in 5 minutes, I give five subs.
That's so easy. Okay, give me a timer
for 5 minutes. That is the final
challenge. That's the final challenge.
This isn't the very last room yet, is
it? No, it's not. I'm gonna say that
that doesn't count because we already
did 15 seconds per room or 10 seconds or
whatever it was. Is now listening for
suggestions. Final challenge. Pogies.
Well, put final challenge in your thing
so that he says it dramatically. Okay.
Final challenge. If I die, I have to eat
a bite of this bagel sandwich that I
opened last week and forgot in the
fridge. And now it's all hard and stale.
That's not a thing. Doug, you have to
order a bagel sandwich and come back to
this stream in a week. Let's try again.
All right, I've got an idea. It's the
final challenge. I have to get five subs
if I do not use swear words in a
sentence. Final challenge. Doug, if you
die, you eat a weak old bagel. Final
challenge with lots of swearing. Order a
pizza every time you die. What? Pick
one. I can't do the bagel thing. Just
eat the bagel. I don't have one. I do
not have a weak old bagel. Eat the damn
bagel. Guys, I know this is going to
become one of those things, but I just
really can't reiterate how little I can.
Yes. And this situation. The whole point
about the bagel is that you forgot about
it. Might want to check the fridge. I'm
going to do every time I die, I have to
call a random streamer and ask for
financial advice. That's a pretty good
idea. Okay, fine. I just won't die. Your
mistake was making it so that when I
die, which I won't. What? What? What the
[__] man? I'm calling Point Crow. What
if he doesn't answer? Why does nobody in
my life answer my calls? Wait, do I have
to call? I just have to call, right?
They don't have to answer. That wasn't
part of the thing. Point Crow officially
did not pick up. Yeah, it said seek
advice, so that counts. I have sought
out the advice.
I'm calling the primogen.
Nobody has [__] answered me. Oh,
[__] What do I do? God damn it. I'm
calling atriarch. Not a single person,
none of my friends nor mother have
answered my calls. I did seek financial
advice. I did not owe any subs. All
right, I've got another one. You have to
get somebody to answer a phone call or I
gift five subs. Come on. I think I get
one chance, right? He said phone call,
not Discord. I'm going to call my
wonderful darling sister who loves me
unlike my mom.
[Music]
Aiden. Oh my god. Uh Jay, it is great.
It is great to hear from you. Oh god,
what stream am I on? Jay, do you know
how much of a [__] mom can be? God,
such a [__] Yeah, such a [__]
Anyway, you are my favorite of all the
people I've called today and you're the
only one who has answered my calls. What
does that say about you? That I have a
wonderful sister. I would agree with
that. Thanks for bringing that up. All
right. Goodbye, Jay. Love you. You're
the best. Love you. Bye. I told you I do
have friends. Yes.
[__] Wait, is I do this per death? Hold
on. What was the rule? I don't remember.
I think it's just one phone call. Okay,
I got to keep going. Doug, we love you
even if no one else does. Is this why
you called me? No, it's just cuz I
wanted to catch up with you as my
friend. I may or may not have had to
call friends for financial advice, but
for you it was just to catch up. Did you
call me? Yeah, I was trying to get some
financial advice, atroc, but you're a
shitty friend. You didn't pick up. I
thought I was special. You guys were the
only two friends I wanted financial
advice from. I'm going to invoice both
of you for five gifted subs, by the way.
Jesus, take the wheel. Thank you for the
five gifted subs. You fulfilled your
oath. I've got one. This will actually
make it super super interesting. Final
[__] challenge. Order a goddamn pizza
every [__] death. Holy [__] Two. I
mean, I can. That's a massive waste of
food.
Moldy bagel trough challenge. What if I
call atriox every room? Wait, what are
we? I feel like we should veto calling
constantly. He's also here and got
banned for too many question marks. Can
you stop? Yeah, please stop spamming my
channel. Israel. Resetting it. All
right. No calling people. It needs to be
the final awesome challenge. I have to
mod a VIP on each death. Fine, that's
easy cuz I won't die. Look it. Oops.
[__] Uh, okay. I need to start with
people I trust. Point Crow said, "Y'all
are fucked." Point Crow is now a mod.
[__] Mod B LW. Go get Point Crow. Wait,
what? Uh, who else? Soviet, I'll mod
you. You have to ban random people. Has
it not been 5 minutes yet? The AI is now
listening for suggestions. No, I thought
what? That's a hit. One more. The point
throw is like clearing the chat, I
think. Wait, wait, hold on. Atroc Mod
Atro, I don't think he's still here, but
he is a VIP. I have to play a whole
round of Fortnite and win for the
challenge to end.
No. Can I do that at the end? Like right
before I finish the game? You only have
to do it for 5 minutes. Once it is done,
it doesn't matter. Wait, is that how it
works or do I have to beat it? I'm not
like great at Fortnite. The win is
subjective. You can win by having fun.
Okay, I'm updating Fortnite. See how
long this takes. Updating 1% as long as
it updates before the 5 minutes are up.
Hey chat, how's your day going? The AI
is now Oh, thank God. Okay, Fortnite's
done. Fortnite's done. Unless it comes
up in a future thing, I do not actually
have to play Fortnite. Let's go. We are
not doing Fortnite, everybody. Okay, AI
Doug is just angry about Fortnite, I
guess. Why don't we come up with some
ideas that are nice and contained to
this game? Let's regground ourselves a
little bit in the game of Celeste. All
right. Make sure to put like epic final
challenge. If I die, the mod team bans
250 people. Oh my god, that's
all right. Good luck, chat. There's
about 8,500 people here. Hey, all the
new mods. We are conscripting you into
service right now. We're going to need
you and all of your firepower ready to
go. And I'll try my best not to die.
Here we go.
Oh. Oh. Sorry. I almost missed that,
chat. [__] I'm kind of playing. Well,
this is just to make them think that
they have a chance. You can die in this,
right? Yeah. Okay. You can definitely
die.
No, no, no. Okay. Die, die, die. All
right. Go, go, go. Mods, get them. Pow.
Take them out. Mods. 250. If every
person gets 20 or 30 individually, I bet
that'll average to the right amount.
Okay. They're getting a lot of basically
just time people out non-stop until uh
Oh, [__] until the 5 minutes is up. Cuz
now it's 500 chatters. Oh, [__] Okay,
750 chatters. Just keep going.
What? Why didn't I hit the thing? Huh?
All right. 1,000 chatters. The AI is now
listening for suggestions. Hey, to all
the new mods, thanks for stepping up
when your country needed you. When we
had to purge the week. Okay, this is
actually probably the final one. We need
something that's awesome and epic,
especially cuz we've lost 1,000 people.
Epic final challenge. If I die, I have
to get five and a half camera angles on
my face.
What? Wait, what? Like that?
I immediately died. [__] Do I have to
add five for every death? Chat, I'm
scared. Help me. What? I add it. Oh,
come on, man. Okay. Is that 20? The AI
said different angles. Those are all the
same angle. I Whatever. This [__]
counts. The AI is now listening for
suggestions. Okay, we need a new thing
that isn't camera angles. For the next
five minutes, every time I die, I gift a
sub to a random chat member and ban
1,000 people. Okay, hold on. That's a
lot. We're not have anybody left. Are we
sending it? This is your skin on the
line. How do we ban 1,000 people? I
guess we'll have to turn on my program
at the end that just bans everybody. 70%
of people want it. But the thing is, we
don't even have to answer that question.
If I play the best godamn Celeste of my
life, there's three segments left. If I
die, a thousand people die with them and
I get to one sub.
Just [__] imagine though. It is like
a flawless run to the end of the game.
[__] I [__] up.
Time to pull out the old banan bot code.
The Twitch chat eliminator is now ready.
So, what it's going to do is if you if
you you talk, it will ban you. But the
thing is, it's not going to kill
everybody. As long as I don't die, I
guess.
Okay, we're Yeah, we're down to two.
We're still losing a lot of people. Hold
on. Just hold on. I can't bend all of
you. As long as I beat it really soon.
[__]
Okay, this is fine.
I may kill 2,000 of my chatters, but
I've never killed 3,000. And ladies and
gentlemen, after 4 hours and 31 minutes,
I have officially beat is now listening
for suggestions. For every jump for 5
minutes, Doug must play Fortnite for 5
minutes. One jump is left in the game.
Jump.
Oh, here we go. Oh, where are we
dropping, boys? Brutal box cars. Let's
go.
Oh, okay. Sorry, the Fortnite's lagging.
Oh, sorry. Okay, Fortnite's lagging a
little bit. Um, where do people drop
nowadays? The AI is now listening for
suggestions. Oh [__] Sorry guys. And
control altdelete. And that means Woo.
Is that time? Is that the game? Ladies
and gentlemen, I did it. It's lasted 4
minutes 37 seconds.
The next final challenge is that when I
beat this segment of the game, I have to
play Fortnite again.
[Music]